c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\Servico_cliente.exe
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\Servico_cliente.pdb
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\itextsharp.pdfa.dll
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xmlworker.dll
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xtra.dll
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.ProjectInstaller.resources
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.exe
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.pdb
c:\users\nataniel\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\Servico_cliente.exe.config
C:\COIN-GENERETOR\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\Servico_cliente.exe.config
C:\COIN-GENERETOR\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.exe
C:\COIN-GENERETOR\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.pdb
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\Servico_cliente.exe.config
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.exe
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.pdb
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\Servico_cliente.exe
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\Servico_cliente.pdb
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\itextsharp.pdfa.dll
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xmlworker.dll
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xtra.dll
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.ProjectInstaller.resources
C:\Users\AFAG\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Servico_cliente\Servico_cliente\obj\x86\Debug\Servico_cliente.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
